速読速聴英単語 Core1900


1 Some animal species likely to be extinct in ten years 
1 What do Chinese alligators, black rhinos, and Sumatran orangutans have in common? They are among vulnerable species that ecologists say may disappear altogether within the next decade. The main reason their numbers are diminishing so rapidly is human activity, such as logging, construction, and hunting. The World Wildlife Fund estimates there are only about 7,500 Sumatran orangutans remaining in the wild. There are even fewer black rhinos, and the number of Chinese alligators is only 150 to 200. Scientists say we must make a determined effort to prevent the total loss of these unique species. Although these animals may seem exotic, they represent the urgent world ecological crisis that affects all wildlife. We must appeal to governments to get serious about preserving habitats and punishing poachers -- before it's too late. 

1 10年で絶滅する可能性のある一部の動物種
1 ヨウスコウアリゲーター、黒サイ、スマトラオランウータンの共通点は何ですか？ それらは、生態学者が次の10年以内に完全に消えるかもしれないと言う脆弱な種の1つです。 それらの数が急速に減少している主な理由は、伐採、建設、狩猟などの人間の活動です。 世界自然保護基金は、野生に残っているスマトラオランウータンは約7,500人に過ぎないと推定しています。 黒サイの数はさらに少なく、ヨウスコウアリゲーターの数はわずか150～200頭です。科学者たちは、これらのユニークな種が完全に失われるのを防ぐために断固たる努力をしなければならないと言います。 これらの動物はエキゾチックに見えるかもしれませんが、すべての野生生物に影響を与える緊急の世界生態学的危機を表しています。 手遅れになる前に、生息地の保護と密猟者の処罰について真剣に取り組むよう政府に訴えなければなりません。



2 Volcanoes and Global Warming
1 The eruption of the Eyjafjallajokull volcano in Iceland has increased speculation that global warming may lead to more eruptions in ice covered regions. There is no doubt that volcanoes can significantly alter global climate patterns. For example, after Mt. Pinatubo erupted in 1991, a cloud of ash and gases quickly spread around the planet, partially blocking the sun's rays. As a result, the average global temperature was 0.4 to 0.5 degrees Celsius cooler in 1992 and 1993. In the long-term, however, volcanic gases contribute to the greenhouse effect and the escalation of global warming. The rise in temperature is causing glaciers to melt, which means there will be thinner covers over many volcanoes. According to some scientists, this will make it easier for those volcanoes to erupt. 

2 火山と地球温暖化
1 アイスランドのエイヤフィヤトラヨークトル火山の噴火は、地球温暖化が氷に覆われた地域でより多くの噴火につながる可能性があるという憶測を強めています。 火山が地球規模の気候パターンを大きく変える可能性があることは間違いありません。 たとえば、1991年にピナツボ山が噴火した後、火山灰とガスの雲が惑星の周りに急速に広がり、太陽光線を部分的に遮りました。 その結果、1992年と1993年の地球の平均気温は摂氏0.4度から0.5度低くなりました。しかし、長期的には、火山ガスが温室効果と地球温暖化の悪化に寄与しています。 気温の上昇により氷河が溶け、多くの火山の覆いが薄くなることを意味します。 一部の科学者によると、これはそれらの火山が噴火しやすくなるでしょう。



3 Renewables can't deliver Paris climate goals
1 PARIS -- Expansion of renewable energy cannot by itself stave off catastrophic climate change, scientists have warned recently.
2 Even if solar and wind capacity continues to grow at breakneck speed, it will not be fast enough to cap global warming under two degrees Celsius, the target set down in the landmark 2015 Paris climate treaty, they reported in the journal Nature Climate Change.
3 "The rapid deployment of wind, solar and electric cars gives some hope," said lead author Glen Peters, a researcher at the Center for International Climate and Environmental Research in Oslo, Norway. "But at this stage, these technologies are not really displacing the growth in fossil fuels or conventional transportation."
4 Earth is overheating mainly due to the burning of oil, gas and especially coal to power the global economy. 

3 再生可能エネルギーはパリの気候目標を達成できない
1 パリ-再生可能エネルギーの拡大だけでは壊滅的な気候変動を食い止めることはできない、と科学者たちは最近警告している。
2 太陽光と風力の容量が途方もない速度で増加し続けたとしても、2015年の画期的なパリ気候条約で定められた目標である摂氏2度未満の地球温暖化を抑えるのに十分な速さではない、と彼らはジャーナルNature ClimateChangeに報告しました。
3 「風力、太陽光、電気自動車の急速な普及には希望があります」と、ノルウェーのオスロにある国際気候環境研究センターの研究者である筆頭著者のグレンピーターズは述べています。 「しかし、現段階では、これらの技術は化石燃料や従来の輸送の成長に取って代わるものではありません。」
4 地球は、主に世界経済に電力を供給するための石油、ガス、特に石炭の燃焼により過熱しています。 



4 Air pollution is linked to 2.7 million premature births a year
1 LONDON -- Curbing outdoor air pollution may help prevent 2.7 million premature births a year, a condition that threatens children's lives and increases their risk of long-term physical and neurological problems, scientists said on Thursday.
2 Fine particles in the air from diesel fumes, fires and other sources, may increase the risk of premature births -- alongside other risks including a mother's age and health -- according to a study published in the Environment International journal.
3 "Air pollution may not just harm people who are breathing the air directly -- it may also seriously affect a baby in its mother's womb," said Chris Malley, lead author of the study which is based on data for 2010.

4 大気汚染は、年間270万人の早産に関連しています
1 ロンドン-屋外の大気汚染を抑制することは、子供たちの生命を脅かし、長期的な身体的および神経学的問題のリスクを高める状態である、年間270万人の早産を防ぐのに役立つかもしれない、と科学者たちは木曜日に言った。
2 環境国際ジャーナルに発表された研究によると、ディーゼルガス、火災、その他の発生源からの空気中の微粒子は、母親の年齢や健康などの他のリスクとともに、早産のリスクを高める可能性があります。
3 「大気汚染は、直接空気を吸っている人に害を及ぼすだけでなく、母親の胎内で赤ちゃんに深刻な影響を与える可能性もあります」と、2010年のデータに基づく研究の筆頭著者であるクリスマリーは述べています。



5 BeyGOOD Foundation to help with water crisis in Burundi
1 Pop icon Beyonce has announced that her BeyGOOD Foundation, in partnership with UNICEF, will help provide drinkable water in the African nation of Burundi. According to the Foundation's website, more than half of the people in the country do not have adequate access to safe drinking water. Drought and political unrest have made it impossible for many residents to obtain enough water for daily needs or farming activities. Together, BeyGOOD and UNICEF will support the construction of water supply systems for hospitals and schools, along with drilling wells and developing springs throughout the country. The Foundation supports a number of causes, many of which benefit vulnerable women and children. It previously raised $82,000 to aid citizens of Flint, Michigan who were affected by the water crisis there.

5 ブルンジの水危機を支援するBeyGOOD財団
1 ポップアイコンビヨンセは、彼女のBeyGOOD Foundationが、ユニセフと協力して、アフリカの国ブルンジで飲用水を提供するのを支援すると発表しました。 財団のウェブサイトによると、国内の半数以上の人々が安全な飲料水を十分に利用できていません。 干ばつと政情不安により、多くの住民が日常生活や農業活動に十分な水を手に入れることができなくなっています。 BeyGOODとUNICEFは協力して、病院や学校向けの給水システムの構築を支援するとともに、全国で井戸を掘削し、泉を開発します。 財団は多くの原因を支援しており、その多くは脆弱な女性と子供たちに利益をもたらしています。 以前は、ミシガン州フリントで水危機の影響を受けた市民を支援するために82,000ドルを調達しました。



6 Fading stars
1 The stars have long been an inspiration to poets, artists, and lovers. Sadly, the brightly-lit night sky has been fading away since the dawn of the industrial age. This phenomenon is primarily due to light pollution, caused by electric lights shining up into the atmosphere. These lights create a glare that surrounds the globe and makes the stars appear fainter or invisible. It is currently estimated that nearly one-third of the people on earth can no longer see any of the billions of stars in our own galaxy. Luckily, there are some ways to partially reverse this effect. For example, we can cover the tops of street lamps so that their light doesn't shine skyward, or install sensors that will dim bright lights when they are not needed. 

6 色あせた星
1 星は長い間、詩人、芸術家、愛好家にインスピレーションを与えてきました。 悲しいことに、明るく照らされた夜空は、産業時代の夜明け以来消えていきました。 この現象は主に、電灯が大気中に光を放つことによって引き起こされる光害が原因です。 これらのライトは、地球を取り囲むグレアを作成し、星を暗くまたは見えなくします。 現在、地球上の人々のほぼ3分の1は、私たちの銀河にある何十億もの星のどれも見ることができなくなっていると推定されています。 幸いなことに、この効果を部分的に逆転させる方法がいくつかあります。 たとえば、街灯の上部を覆って光が空に照らされないようにしたり、不要なときに明るい光を暗くするセンサーを設置したりできます。



7 Severe Flooding Leads to Serious Environmental Problems
1 In 2017 Hurricane Harvey slammed into the Texas coastline and plowed through Houston, the fourth-largest city in America, triggering huge floods. Even before the floods subsided, experts expressed concern about the environmental problems they knew were ahead.
2 Houston has over 450 oil refineries and chemical plants, several of which were damaged in the storm. These facilities suffered fires, explosions and other incidents which caused chemical spills and the release of carcinogenic pollutants. The dirty floodwater, contaminated with these chemical spills and sewage from overflowing sewers, rushed through Houston's numerous industrial toxic waste sites, and spread hazardous substances around.
3 Mass shutdowns of the refineries and chemical plants caused about one million pounds of pollutants to spew into the atmosphere. When the facilities start up again, another one million pounds will be released. It's environmental pollution with long-term public health consequences.

7 深刻な洪水は深刻な環境問題につながる
1 2017年、ハリケーンハービーはテキサスの海岸線に激突し、アメリカで4番目に大きな都市であるヒューストンを襲い、大洪水を引き起こしました。洪水が治まる前でさえ、専門家は彼らが先にあると知っていた環境問題について懸念を表明した。
2 ヒューストンには450以上の石油精製所と化学プラントがあり、そのうちのいくつかは嵐で被害を受けました。これらの施設は、火災、爆発、その他の事故に見舞われ、化学物質の流出や発がん性汚染物質の放出を引き起こしました。これらの化学物質の流出と溢れ出る下水道からの下水で汚染された汚れた洪水は、ヒューストンの多数の産業毒性廃棄物サイトを駆け抜け、有害物質を周囲に拡散させました。
3 製油所と化学プラントの大量停止により、約100万ポンドの汚染物質が大気中に噴出しました。施設が再開すると、さらに100万ポンドが放出されます。それは長期的な公衆衛生への影響を伴う環境汚染です。



8 What is RoHS?
1 If you recently purchased an electronic device, you may have noticed a label on the box indicating the item met "RoHS" requirements. RoHS stands for "restriction of hazardous substances." It refers to a policy established in the European Union that limits the amounts of harmful substances used in the production of electrical and electronic equipment. The substances include lead, mercury, cadmium, and other chemicalcompounds that have been determined to damage human health and the environment. Although laws in many countries still lag behind, RoHS has helped to reduce dangerous electronic waste worldwide. That's because it is cheaper for companies to manufacture one standard product that meets the strictest requirements. In fact, all electronic goods sold today are likely to comply with RoHS standards. 

8 RoHSとは何ですか？
1 最近電子機器を購入した場合、そのアイテムが「RoHS」要件を満たしていることを示すラベルがボックスに表示されていることに気付いたかもしれません。 RoHSは「有害物質の制限」の略です。 これは、電気電子機器の製造に使用される有害物質の量を制限する、欧州連合で確立されたポリシーを指します。 これらの物質には、鉛、水銀、カドミウム、および人の健康と環境に損傷を与えると判断されたその他の化学物質が含まれます。 多くの国の法律はまだ遅れていますが、RoHSは世界中の危険な電子廃棄物の削減に役立っています。 これは、企業が最も厳しい要件を満たす1つの標準製品を製造する方が安価だからです。 実際、今日販売されているすべての電子製品は、RoHS基準に準拠している可能性があります。



9 Young Japanese shun U.S., Europe as destinations for studying abroad
1 Countries favored by young Japanese as destinations to study abroad. are changing, partly because of frequent terrorist attacks in Europe and the U.S. government's shift in immigration policies.
2 The United States and Britain, which had been most favored before, are now being shunned. It is said that Canada, long popular among Japanese students, and Australia are now favored as study abroad destinations. 
3 To enhance Japan's international competitiveness, both the public and private sectors are encouraging young Japanese to study abroad.
4 But there is concern about Japanese students who are hesitant to study abroad. 
5 In March this year, a seminar was held in Tokyo mainly for university students who are considering studying abroad. Attendees asked many questions about what it is like being a foreign student in the United States and European countries. 
6 "I can't feel comfortable about the United States' immigration policy now," said one student, 19, from Yokohama. "I prefer a country that is more tolerant of foreigners than the United States." He said he was considering studying in Canada.

9 若い日本人は留学先としてアメリカ、ヨーロッパを避けている
1 留学先として若い日本人が好む国。ヨーロッパでの頻繁なテロ攻撃と米国政府の移民政策の転換もあって、変化している。
2 以前は最も支持されていた米国と英国は、現在、敬遠されています。日本人学生に長く人気のあるカナダやオーストラリアが留学先として人気を博していると言われています。
3 日本​​の国際競争力を高めるために、公的部門と民間部門の両方が若い日本人に留学を奨励しています。
4 しかし、留学をためらっている日本人学生には懸念があります。
5 今年3月には、留学を考えている大学生を中心に東京でセミナーを開催しました。参加者は、アメリカやヨーロッパの国々で留学生になることとはどのようなものかについて多くの質問をしました。
6 横浜出身のある学生（19歳）は、「今、米国の移民政策に不安を感じている」と述べた。 「私は米国よりも外国人に寛容な国を好みます。」彼はカナダでの勉強を考えていると言った。



10 To stem decline, expedite drastic reform of system for fostering jurists (1)
1 Will it help stem the tendency among people to turn away from entering the legal profession? 
2 A bill to revise the Court Law was unanimously passed into law. The central pillar of the revised law is to establish a system in which the state provides judicial apprentices with a basic stipend of \135,000 a month across the board. The revised law is to be put into force in November.
3 The provision represents an effective revival of the "scholarship system," which was abolished in 2011. As lawyers are in a profession that has a lot to do with public good, they should be fostered by society as a whole. It can be said that this principle has been taken up this time as well. 

10 衰退を食い止めるために、法学者を育成するための制度の抜本的な改革を促進する（1）
1 それは、人々が法曹に入るのをやめようとする傾向を食い止めるのに役立ちますか？
2 裁判所法改正法案が満場一致で成立した。 改正法の中心的な柱は、州が司法見習いに月額135,000円の基本給を全面的に提供するシステムを確立することです。 改正法は11月に施行される予定です。
3 この規定は、2011年に廃止された「奨学金制度」の効果的な復活を表しています。弁護士は公共財と関係の深い職業であるため、社会全体で育成されるべきです。 今回もこの原則が取り上げられたと言えます。



11 To stem decline, expedite drastic reform of system for fostering jurists (2)
1 The amount to be newly paid by the central government will reach as much as \3 billion a year. The resumption of economic assistance -- an unusually generous perk -- amid the harsh fiscal climate is aimed at stemming the decline in the number of people who aspire to be a jurist. 
2 Indeed, the system for fostering people in the legal profession is in critical condition. Last year, 6,899 people took the bar exam, down by more than 1,000 from a year earlier. Those who applied to law school came to 8,274 in fiscal 2016, falling to about one-ninth of the peak in fiscal 2004. 
3 The Japan Federation of Bar Associations asserts the decline stems from the fact it costs too much to become a jurist.

11 衰退を食い止めるために、法学者を育成するための制度の抜本的な改革を促進する（2）
1 中央政府が新たに支払う金額は、年間30億円に達する。 厳しい財政情勢の中での経済援助の再開（非常に寛大な特典）は、法学者を志す人々の数の減少を食い止めることを目的としています。
2 確かに、法曹界の人々を育成するためのシステムは危機的な状態にあります。 昨年は6,899人がバー試験を受け、前年より1,000人以上減少しました。 法科大学院への出願者は2016年度に8,274人に達し、2004年度のピークの約9分の1に落ち込んだ。
3 日本弁護士連合会は、この減少は法律家になるには費用がかかりすぎることに起因すると主張している。



12 PTA joins with Facebook to promote Internet safety
1 NEW YORK -- The PTA and Facebook are joining forces to promote Internet safety through a set of tools and resources for kids, schools and parents.
2 The world's largest online social network and the National PTA will work together to build a program to provide information and support about such issues as cyberbullying, good online citizenship and Internet security.
3 Because the partnership is just starting, officials do not have much detail on what kinds of resources they plan to offer through their respective websites and through other means. But Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt said the plan is not just to educate kids about being on Facebook, but about being online.
4 He said "the sooner we can get instilling responsible behavior, the better."
5 The PTA will reach out to local parent-teacher groups to promote the program, while Facebook plans to do the same on its site.

12 PTAがFacebookに参加し、インターネットの安全性を促進
1 ニューヨーク-PTAとFacebookは、子供、学校、保護者向けの一連のツールとリソースを通じてインターネットの安全性を促進するために力を合わせています。
2 世界最大のオンラインソーシャルネットワークとNationalPTAが協力して、ネットいじめ、優れたオンライン市民権、インターネットセキュリティなどの問題に関する情報とサポートを提供するプログラムを構築します。
3 パートナーシップはまだ始まったばかりであるため、当局は、それぞれのWebサイトやその他の手段を通じてどのような種類のリソースを提供する予定であるかについてはあまり詳しくありません。 しかし、フェイスブックのスポークスマン、バリー・シュニット氏は、この計画は、フェイスブックにいることについて子供たちを教育することだけでなく、オンラインであることについても教育することだと述べた。
4 彼は、「責任ある行動を植え付けるのが早ければ早いほどよい」と述べた。
5 PTAは地元のPTAに連絡してプログラムを宣伝しますが、Facebookはそのサイトで同じことを行う予定です。



13 Landmark dyslexia event in Yokohama aims to educate and inspire (1)
1 While many people probably know the term "dyslexia," far fewer actually have a good understanding of what it involves. In a random unscientific survey of a group of my friends, one person said, "That's where kids mix their Ds and Bs up, isn't it?"
2 There's a little more to it than that. Dyslexia is often described as a problem with the way the brain processes written information. This causes difficulties with word recognition, which in turn impacts on reading and writing. According to recent research in the United States, between 10 and 15 percent of the population has dyslexia, yet only 5 percent of those people receive assistance. 

13 横浜での画期的な失読症イベントは、教育と刺激を目的としています（1）
1 多くの人がおそらく「失読症」という用語を知っていますが、実際にそれが何を含むのかをよく理解している人ははるかに少ないでしょう。 私の友人のグループに対するランダムな非科学的な調査で、ある人は「子供たちがDとBを混ぜ合わせるところですよね？」と言いました。
2 それ以上のものがあります。 失読症は、脳が書かれた情報を処理する方法の問題として説明されることがよくあります。 これは単語認識の問題を引き起こし、それが今度は読み書きに影響を及ぼします。 米国での最近の調査によると、人口の10〜15％が失読症を患っていますが、支援を受けているのは5％にすぎません。



14 Landmark dyslexia event in Yokohama aims to educate and inspire (2)
1 Things are even harder for dyslexics in Japan, with many educators having no knowledge at all of the issue. Dyslexia comes under the umbrella of gakushu shogai (learning disabilities), but in a culture where many people tend to associate "shögai" with an intellectual problem. parents and teachers may be reluctant to label children to avoid misunderstandings and stigma.
2 EDGE is an advocacy and support organization for dyslexics in Japan and their families. Since 2001, this NPO has been slowly raising awareness of dyslexia among parents and educators. Fifteen years of activities will culminate in EDGE's biggest endeavor to date -- the first Asia Pacific Dyslexia Festival & Symposium (APDF), taking place on June 11 and 12 in Yokohama. The Japan Dyslexia Association is the co organizer of the festival, the first major event focusing held in the country.

14 横浜での画期的な失読症イベントは、教育と刺激を目的としています（2）
1 日本の失読症患者にとって事態はさらに困難であり、多くの教育者はこの問題についてまったく知識を持っていません。 失読症は学習障害の傘下にありますが、多くの人が「shögai」を知的問題と関連付ける傾向がある文化の中で。 親と教師は、誤解や汚名を避けるために子供にラベルを付けることに気が進まないかもしれません。
2 EDGEは、日本とその家族の失読症の擁護および支援組織です。 2001年以来、このNPOは、親や教育者の間で失読症の意識を徐々に高めてきました。 15年間の活動は、これまでのEDGEの最大の取り組みである6月11日と12日に横浜で開催される最初のアジア太平洋ディスレクシアフェスティバル＆シンポジウム（APDF）で最高潮に達します。 日本失読症協会は、国内で最初に開催された主要なイベントであるフェスティバルの共同主催者です。



15 Philosophy Taught to Young Children
1 Eight-year-olds engage in philosophical debate several times a month at their elementary school in Springfield, Massachusetts. The children are taught by undergraduate philosophy students from Mount Holyoke College, who use classic children's books to raise basic questions about life. The youngsters then convey their views about these issues quite vigorously to one another.
2 For years, many have believed the ability to think abstractly does not occur in early childhood. In his widely accepted theories of child development, Swiss psychologist Jean Piaget asserted that children develop this capacity no earlier than the age of 12.
3 However, recently some philosophers have found that younger children exhibit the curiosity and sense of wonder that is needed to deal with such philosophical issues.

15 幼児に教えられる哲学
1 8歳の子供たちは、マサチューセッツ州スプリングフィールドの小学校で月に数回哲学的な討論を行っています。 子供たちはマウントホリオーク大学の学部哲学の学生によって教えられています。彼らは古典的な児童書を使って人生についての基本的な質問をします。 その後、若者たちはこれらの問題についての彼らの見解を互いに非常に活発に伝えます。
2 何年もの間、多くの人は、抽象的に考える能力は幼児期には発生しないと信じてきました。 スイスの心理学者ジャン・ピアジェは、広く受け入れられている子どもの発達の理論の中で、子どもは12歳までにこの能力を発達させると主張しました。
3 しかし、最近、一部の哲学者は、幼い子供たちがそのような哲学的問題に対処するために必要な好奇心と驚きの感覚を示すことを発見しました。



16 Exercise Enhances Learning in Children 
1 "Sound body, sound mind" has long been accepted wisdom. Now it seems that research actually backs this up. Researchers from the University of Illinois suggest that doing moderate exercise in the classroom helps school children stay alert and focused. After 20 minutes of in-class exercise, students performed 10 percent better on problem-solving tasks.
2 Schools that offer "action-based learning" are getting spectacular results. At Naperville Central High School near Chicago, kids who struggle with math and are poor in reading are constantly on the move in their classes. They use exercise bikes and treadmills right in the classroom while reading assignments or reciting multiplication tables. At Naperville. the reading scores have nearly doubled, and the math scores have surged by a factor of 20.

16 運動は子供の学習を強化します
1 「健全な身体、健全な心」は長い間受け入れられてきた知恵です。 今、研究は実際にこれを裏付けているようです。 イリノイ大学の研究者は、教室で適度な運動をすることで、学童が注意深く集中できるようになると示唆しています。 20分間のクラス内演習の後、生徒は問題解決タスクで10％優れたパフォーマンスを発揮しました。
2 「行動に基づく学習」を提供する2つの学校は目覚ましい成果を上げています。 シカゴ近郊のネイパービル中央高校では、数学に苦労し、読書が苦手な子供たちがクラスで絶えず動いています。 彼らは、課題を読んだり、九九を暗唱したりしながら、教室でエアロバイクやトレッドミルを使用します。 ネイパービルで。 リーディングスコアはほぼ2倍になり、数学スコアは20倍に急増しました。



17 Create environment in which cancer patients can work and get treatment (1) 
1 It was an appallingly inappropriate remark, lacking understanding of and consideration for cancer patients. 
2 "They don't have to work." Hideo Onishi, a House of Representatives member of the Liberal Democratic Party, fired off this comment at an LDP divisional meeting regarding cancer patients being tormented by passive smoking in the workplace.
3 Onishi later apologized and tried to explain his intention was to say "cancer patients don't have to force themselves to work in places where smoking is allowed." But he did not retract his words. Organizations supporting patients have quite rightly berated Onishi for comments they say made them feel angry and sad.
4 Each year, about 1 million people in Japan are diagnosed with cancer. One-third of them are aged 20 to 64 -- the working-age generation.

17 がん患者さんが働き、治療を受けることができる環境を整える（1）
1 それはひどく不適切な発言であり、癌患者に対する理解と配慮が欠けていました。
2 「彼らは働く必要はありません。」 自民党衆議院議員の大西英男氏は、職場での受動喫煙に苦しんでいるがん患者に関する自民党の分科会でこのコメントを発砲した。
3 大西氏は後に謝罪し、「がん患者は喫煙が許可されている場所で強制的に働かせる必要はない」と述べようとした。 しかし、彼は言葉を撤回しませんでした。 患者を支援する組織は、彼らが怒りと悲しみを感じさせたと彼らが言うコメントのために大西を非常に正しく非難しました。
4 毎年、日本では約100万人ががんと診断されています。 それらの3分の1は20歳から64歳であり、生産年齢世代です。


18 Create environment in which cancer patients can work and get treatment (2)
1 Advances in medical treatment have enabled the survival rate five years after being diagnosed with cancer to improve to more than 60 percent. Although a growing number of cancer patients have the desire and ability to work, conditions concerning their employment remain severe.
2 One in three people working at a company when they are diagnosed with cancer lose their job, either by resigning voluntarily or being dismissed. The reasons given by many of these people are, "I will inconvenience my workplace," or, "I'm not confident I can work while getting treatment." Some cancer patients do not tell their workplace about their health problems out of fear of being demoted or forced to resign.

18 がん患者が働き、治療を受けることができる環境を作る（2）
1 医療の進歩により、癌と診断されてから5年後の生存率は60％以上に向上しました。 ますます多くの癌患者が働きたいという願望と能力を持っていますが、彼らの雇用に関する条件は依然として厳しいままです。
2 癌と診断されたときに会社で働いている人の3人に1人は、自発的に辞任するか解雇されることによって職を失います。 これらの人々の多くが挙げている理由は、「職場に不便をかける」、「治療を受けながら働くことができる自信がない」などです。 一部のがん患者は、降格または辞任を余儀なくされることを恐れて、職場に健康上の問題について話しません。



19 Primate dads live longer if involved in child care
1 Taking care of the kids may help prolong the life of primate fathers, according to researchers who studied monkeys, apes and humans. 
2 In species in which mating partners share parental duties equally, males and females seem to live about the same length of time. 
3 This doesn't mean, however, that a father can extend his life with a sudden burst of child care. 
4 These are patterns that evolved over a long period of time. They are a part of the different social structures in these primate groups. 

19 霊長類の父親は、育児に関わっていれば長生きします
1 サル、類人猿、人間を研究した研究者によると、子供の世話をすることは霊長類の父親の寿命を延ばすのに役立つかもしれません。
2 交尾相手が親の義務を平等に分担している種では、オスとメスはほぼ同じ期間生きているようです。
3 しかし、これは、父親が突然の育児で寿命を延ばすことができるという意味ではありません。
4 これらは長期間にわたって進化したパターンです。 それらは、これらの霊長類グループのさまざまな社会構造の一部です。



20 Half of women happiest after menopause
1 Roughly half of American women who have reached menopause say they are happier and more fulfilled than when they were younger, according to a Gallup survey released here Wednesday. Ten percent said the most satisfying period was in their 20s, 17 percent in their 30s and 16 percent in their 40s.
2 "We often hear about the negative impacts of growing older," said Dr. Utian, executive director of the North American Menopause Society.
3 "Yet when we ask women, we continually hear that they view menopause as the beginning of many positive changes in their lives and health." 
4 "Twenty years ago, few women ever mentioned the word menopause, let alone discussed it at length with their friends or spouse," said Utian. "Today, women have access to a broad range of information on menopause and are very active in managing their health as they grow older."

20閉経後に最も幸せな女性の半数
1水曜日にここで発表されたギャラップの調査によると、閉経に達したアメリカ人女性の約半数は、若いときよりも幸せで充実していると言っています。 10％が最も満足のいく時期は20代、17％は30代、16％は40代であると述べました。
2「私たちは、年をとることの悪影響についてよく耳にします」と、北米更年期障害協会の常務理事であるウティアン博士は言いました。
3「しかし、私たちが女性に尋ねるとき、私たちは、更年期障害を彼らの生活と健康における多くの前向きな変化の始まりと見なしていると絶えず聞いています。」
4「20年前、更年期という言葉について言及した女性はほとんどいませんでした。ましてや、友人や配偶者と詳細に話し合ったことはありません」とウティアンは言いました。 「今日、女性は更年期障害に関する幅広い情報にアクセスでき、年をとるにつれて健康管理に非常に積極的に取り組んでいます。」



21 Firefighters lack on-site experience
1 To help firefighters conduct drills in realistic settings, the Fire and Disaster Management Agency (FDMA) has decided to promote from this fiscal year the introduction of training facilities that simulate the inside of a burning building.
2 The annual number of building fires has halved over the last four decades, resulting in a growing number of firefighters who have little experience in battling real blazes. About 20 percent of national taxes allocated to local governments will be used for prefectural governments to prepare training facilities. 
3 The facilities will include so-called “hot fire training facilities” that recreate a fire in a building by burning wood pellets. They give firefighters the opportunity to experience dangerous situations they need to be aware of, such as when water is discharged over smoke clustered near the ceiling of a room and the smoke disperses, suddenly blurring their vision. 
4 On April 3, the FDMA sent a notice to prefectural governments urging them to set up such facilities.

21 防士は現場での経験が不足しています
1 消防士が現実的な環境で訓練を実施できるように、消防庁（FDMA）は今年度から、燃えている建物の内部をシミュレートする訓練施設の導入を推進することを決定しました。
2 建物の火災の年間数は、過去40年間で半減し、その結果、実際の炎との戦いの経験がほとんどない消防士の数が増えています。地方自治体に割り当てられた国税の約２０％は、都道府県が訓練施設を準備するために使われる。
3 施設には、木質ペレットを燃焼させて建物内の火災を再現する、いわゆる「熱火訓練施設」が含まれます。消防士は、部屋の天井近くに集まった煙の上に水が放出され、煙が拡散して突然視界がぼやけるなど、注意が必要な危険な状況を体験する機会が与えられます。
4 4月3日、FDMAは都道府県にそのような施設を設置するよう要請する通知を送った。



22 Finland is giving 2,000 citizens a guaranteed income
1 Finland has started a radical experiment: It's giving 2,000 citizens a guaranteed income, with funds that keep flowing whether participants work or not.
2 The program, which kicks off this month, is one of the first efforts to test a "universal basic income." Participants will receive €560 ($587) a month -- money that is guaranteed regardless of income, wealth or employment status.
3 The idea is that a universal income offers workers greater security, especially as technological advances reduce the need for human labor. It will also allow unemployed people to pick up odd jobs without losing their benefits.
4 The initial program will run for a period of two years. Participants were randomly selected, but had to be receiving unemployment benefits or an income subsidy. The money they are paid through the program will not be taxed.
5 If the program is successful, it could be expanded to include all adult Finns.

22フィンランドは2,000人の市民に保証された収入を与えています
1 フィンランドは急進的な実験を開始しました。それは、参加者が働いているかどうかに関係なく流れ続ける資金で、2,000人の市民に保証された収入を与えています。
2 今月から始まるこのプログラムは、「ベーシックインカム」をテストする最初の取り組みの1つです。参加者は月額560ユーロ（587ドル）を受け取ります。これは、収入、富、雇用状況に関係なく保証されるお金です。
3 ベーシックインカムは、特に技術の進歩により人的労働の必要性が減少するため、労働者により大きな安全を提供するという考えです。それはまた、失業者が彼らの利益を失うことなく奇妙な仕事を引き受けることを可能にするでしょう。
4 最初のプログラムは2年間実行されます。参加者はランダムに選ばれましたが、失業手当または所得補助金を受け取っている必要がありました。プログラムを通じて支払われるお金は課税されません。
5 プログラムが成功した場合、すべての成人フィンランド人を含むようにプログラムを拡張することができます。



23 Men Hugging Other Men
1 An interesting cultural trend has emerged in the U.S. in recent years. More and more men are greeting friends, including male friends, by hugging them. It seems that age plays somewhat of a rog do you somen are more likely to hug. For many older men, hugging is outside of their comfort zone.
2 Even among men who are open to hugging, many believe it's generally taboo in the workplace. However, in relaxed social gatherings, particularly among friends, it's appropriate for them. They wouldn't necessarily hug another guy when meeting for the first time, but after establishing a friendship, hugging is just fine.
3 Hugging is also becoming popular among politicians. When President Trump welcomed Prime Minister Abe recently, he hugged him and spoke of the “very good chemistry” between the two of them.

23 男性が他の男性を抱き締める
1 近年、米国では興味深い文化的傾向が現れています。男性の友達を含め、友達を抱き締めて挨拶する男性が増えています。年齢はややロッグを演じているようですが、そうめんは抱きしめやすいですか。多くの年配の男性にとって、抱き締めることは彼らの快適ゾーンの外にあります。
2 抱きしめることを受け入れる男性の間でさえ、多くの人はそれが職場では一般的にタブーであると信じています。しかし、特に友人同士のリラックスした懇親会では、それは彼らにとって適切です。初めて会うときは必ずしも他の人を抱きしめる必要はありませんが、友情を築いた後は抱きしめても大丈夫です。
3 ハグも政治家の間で人気が高まっています。最近、トランプ大統領が安倍首相を迎えたとき、彼は彼を抱きしめ、二人の間の「非常に良い化学」について話しました。



24 Iterracial Marriages Increasing in the U.S.
1 For years interracial marriage in the U.S. was frowned upon. It was forbidden in many states, but in 1967 the Supreme Court ruled that marriage across racial lines was legal throughout the country. For the last 50 years, the number of interracial marriages has been steadily increasing. Today about 11 million people in the U.S. have a spouse of a different race or ethnicity. 
2 One factor contributing to this increase is a gradual shift in attitudes. In a recent Pew Research Center survey released in 2017, 39% of Americans say interracial marriage is generally good for society, up from 24% in 2010. Also, many indicate that they are less likely to disapprove of a close relative marrying someone of a different race or ethnicity. More specifically, 90% wouldn't oppose such a marriage, up from 69% in 2000.

24 異人種間の結婚が米国で増加している
1 何年もの間、米国での異人種間結婚は嫌われていました。多くの州で禁止されていましたが、1967年に最高裁判所は、人種を超えた結婚は国全体で合法であるとの判決を下しました。過去50年間、異人種間結婚の数は着実に増加しています。今日、米国では約1,100万人が、異なる人種や民族の配偶者を抱えています。
2 この増加に寄与する1つの要因は、態度の段階的な変化です。 2017年に発表された最近のピューリサーチセンターの調査では、アメリカ人の39％が、2010年の24％から、異人種間結婚は一般的に社会に良いと述べています。異なる人種または民族。より具体的には、2000年の69％から90％がそのような結婚に反対しないだろう。



25 Bomb blast diplomacy
1 It is hard to be on good terms with the neighbours when they keep blowing up your house. Yet, since 2003, India has sought to make friends with Pakistan while continuing to accuse it of abetting hideous bomb attacks in its cities. Pakistan brushes these accusations aside, while at the same time promising not to allow its soil to be used as a base for terrorism. This attitude makes the bombings seem an insuperable obstacle to peace. They may yet prove so. But they have at least become central to a peace process often marked by bickering over more trivial matters.

25 爆弾外交
1 近所の人があなたの家を爆破し続けると、仲良くするのは難しいです。それでも、2003年以来、インドはパキスタンとの友情を築きながら、その都市で恐ろしい爆弾攻撃を行ったと非難し続けてきました。パキスタンはこれらの非難を払拭すると同時に、その土壌がテロの基地として使用されることを許可しないことを約束している。この態度は、爆撃を平和への克服できない障害のように思わせます。彼らはまだそう証明するかもしれません。しかし、彼らは少なくとも、より些細な事柄をめぐる論争によってしばしば特徴づけられる和平プロセスの中心になっています。



26 Free trade essential to correct inequality, spur economic growth
1 To achieve sustainable growth in the global economy, it is vital to correct inequalities. For that purpose as well as others, industrialised correct inequalities. For that purpose as countries should once again share an understanding of the importance of the free trade system.
2 The meeting in Italy of finance ministers and central bank governors from the Group of Seven maior nations sounded an alarm bell in its communiqué, saying that excessive inequality limits future growth potential. 
3 The G-7 members also noted in the communiqué that the global economy is facing "inequalities, notably within many countries and 10 affecting in particular middle and lower income earners.
4 Unless social divides and regional and intergenerational disparities can be fixed, no long-lasting growth can be expected. From this viewpoint, we can positively rate the G-7 agreement for its ommitment to deepening policy coordination. 
5 The communiqué said the G-7 countries should ensure that the fruits of economic growth will also be shared by low income earners, by combining fiscal stimulus and structural reforms.

26 不平等を是正し、経済成長を促進するために不可欠な自由貿易
1 世界経済の持続可能な成長を達成するためには、不平等を是正することが不可欠です。その目的のためだけでなく、他の目的のために、工業化された正しい不平等。そのためには、各国は再び自由貿易​​システムの重要性についての理解を共有する必要があります。
2 イタリアで開催された、グループ・オブ・セブンの主要国の財務大臣と中央銀行総裁の会合は、そのコミュニケで警鐘を鳴らし、過度の不平等は将来の成長の可能性を制限すると述べた。
3 G7加盟国はまた、コミュニケの中で、世界経済は「特に多くの国で不平等に直面しており、特に中低所得者に影響を及ぼしている」と述べた。
4 社会的格差と地域的および世代間の格差を是正できなければ、長期的な成長は期待できません。この観点から、政策調整の深化への省略について、G7合意を積極的に評価することができます。
5 コミュニケは、G7諸国は、財政刺激策と構造改革を組み合わせることにより、経済成長の成果が低所得者にも共有されることを確実にするべきであると述べた。



27 Ban treaty offers chance for a world free of nuclear arms
1 The crucial second round of negotiations on a treaty to prohibit nuclear weapons will take place from June 15 at the United Nations headquarters in New York. Almost 130 countries, or two thirds of U.N. member states, participated in the first round of negotiations held at the end of March, which became the site of vigorous debate with the active participation of civil society. 
2 Nuclear weapons are capable of annihilating humankind and the global ecosystem, and the threat they pose is, if anything, growing. The upcoming negotiations seek to achieve a fundamental breakthrough in this situation.
3 "We hibakusha have no doubt that this treaty can -- and will -- change the world." This statement made by an atomic bomb survivor at the March negotiations was met by very long applause from participants. This expressed a heartfelt support that is shared by many people, regardless of nationality.

27 禁止条約は核兵器のない世界へのチャンスを提供します
1 核兵器禁止条約に関する重要な第2ラウンドの交渉は、6月15日からニューヨークの国連本部で行われます。 ３月末に開かれた第１回交渉には、約１３０カ国（国連加盟国の３分の２）が参加し、市民社会の積極的な参加が活発な議論の場となった。
2 核兵器は人類と地球規模の生態系を全滅させることができ、核兵器がもたらす脅威は、どちらかといえば増大しています。 今後の交渉は、この状況で根本的な突破口を達成することを目指しています。
3 「私たち被爆者は、この条約が世界を変えることができる、そしてこれからも変わることは間違いありません。」 3月の交渉で原爆被爆者が出したこの声明は、参加者からの非常に長い拍手によって満たされました。 これは、国籍を問わず、多くの人々が共有する心からの支援を表しています。


28 U.N. votes to add 15 North Koreans, four entities to U.N. blacklist
1 UNITED NATIONS/TOKYO -- The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously Friday to add 15 individuals and four entities linked to North Korea's nuclear and missile programs to a U.N. sanctions blacklist. but Chinese opposition blocked tough new sanctions pushed by the United States.
2 While the resolution will impose a global travel ban and asset freeze on a range of North Koreans including the man believed to head its overseas espionage operations and foreign intelligence collection, it will not target critical oil deliveries or include other tough sanctions. 
3 The U.S. and its allies strongly disagreed with China and Russia on how to rein in North Korea's rapidly escalating nuclear and ballistic missile program, which Pyongyang says is aimed at developing a long-range missile capable of reaching the United States with a nuclear warhead.

28 国連は15人の北朝鮮人、4つの実体を国連ブラックリストに追加することに投票します
1 国連/東京-国連安全保障理事会は金曜日、北朝鮮の核およびミサイルプログラムに関連する15人の個人と4つの団体を国連制裁ブラックリストに追加することを全会一致で可決した。 しかし、中国の反対は、米国によって押された厳しい新しい制裁を阻止しました。
2 決議は、海外のスパイ活動や外国の諜報活動を率いると信じられている男性を含むさまざまな北朝鮮人に世界的な渡航禁止令と資産凍結を課すが、重要な石油配達やその他の厳しい制裁を対象としない。
3 北朝鮮の急速に拡大する核弾道ミサイル計画を抑制する方法について、米国とその同盟国は中国とロシアに強く反対した。平壌は、核弾頭で米国に到達できる長距離ミサイルの開発を目的としていると述べた。


29 The Surprising Brexit Vote
1 On June 24, 2016, British citizens woke up to startling news: In an election held the day before, the public had unexpectedly voted to formally withdraw from the European Union. The results were close. but decisive: Only 48.1% had voted to remain in the EU, while 51.89% were against staying. Almost no one had predicted this outcome. Just before the election, poll averages showed that approximately 51% of the population were in favor of keeping EU membership. What went wrong? For one, experts pointed out that the 3-point discrepancy was still within the margin of error for most polls. They also noted that polls depend on honesty. Even in anonymous polls, people sometimes conceal their real opinions. This is especially true when they support an unpopular position.

29 驚くべきBrexit(英国EU離脱)投票
1 2016年6月24日、英国市民は驚くべきニュースに目覚めました。前日に行われた選挙で、国民は予期せずに欧州連合からの正式な離脱に投票しました。 結果は近いものでした。 しかし決定的：EUに留まることに賛成したのは48.1％のみでしたが、51.89％は留まることに反対しました。 ほとんど誰もこの結果を予測していませんでした。 選挙直前の世論調査の平均では、人口の約51％がEU加盟を維持することに賛成していたことが示されました。 何が悪かったのか？ 一つには、専門家は、3ポイントの不一致はほとんどの世論調査でまだ誤差の範囲内であると指摘しました。 彼らはまた、世論調査は正直さに依存していると述べた。 匿名の世論調査でも、人々は自分の本当の意見を隠すことがあります。 これは、人気のないポジションをサポートしている場合に特に当てはまります。



30 Children of Undocumented Immigrants - Where is Their Home?
1 President Donald Trump just put an end to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program. This Obama-era program gave protection from deportation to about 800,000 young people who were brought to America as children by undocumented immigrant parents. For these kids, who grew up and went to school here, this is the only home they know. Called “Dreamers”, they are striving for a better life here. 
2 Congress has six months to change the law to enable the DACA program to continue. Meanwhile, reaction to Trump's decision has been swift and unusually strong. Protests are happening across the nation. The signs protesters carry read: “America Is a Land of Immigrants” and “This Is My Home, Too.” Also, lawsuits are being filed by California and New York for 19 states and the District of Columbia, requesting a judge to block the move.

30  文書化されていない移民の子供たち-彼らの家はどこにありますか？
1 ドナルド・トランプ大統領は、子どもの到着の延期措置（DACA）プログラムに終止符を打ちました。 このオバマ時代のプログラムは、文書化されていない移民の両親によって子供としてアメリカに連れてこられた約80万人の若者に国外追放からの保護を与えました。 ここで育ち、学校に通ったこれらの子供たちにとって、これは彼らが知っている唯一の家です。 「Dreamers」と呼ばれる彼らは、ここでより良い生活を目指して努力しています。
2 議会は、DACAプログラムを継続できるようにするために、法律を変更するために6か月の猶予があります。 一方、トランプの決定に対する反応は迅速で、異常に強いものでした。 抗議は全国で起こっています。 抗議者たちが掲げる看板には、「アメリカは移民の国である」と「これは私の家でもある」と書かれています。 また、カリフォルニア州とニューヨーク州から19の州とコロンビア特別区を対象に訴訟が提起されており、裁判官にこの動きを阻止するよう求めています。



31 Conservative Interest in Bioethics
1 The conservative movement in the U.S., backed by the Christian Right, has spent the last few years accumulating a large network of think tanks and foundations. Their objective is apparently to influence public opinion and to advance legislation which supports their philosophy. They have been well-funded and able to pour thousands of dollars into causes they believe in.
2 Lately, conservative think tanks have been getting more active in the area of bioethics. Issues which they are pursuing include: euthanasia, physician-assisted suicide, abortion, stem cell research and genetics. These are issues which their opponents also would like to explore since bioethics may actually define the kind of society we become in the future.

31 生命倫理への保守的な関心
1 キリスト教右派に後押しされた米国の保守的な運動は、過去数年間、シンクタンクと財団の大規模なネットワークを蓄積してきました。 彼らの目的は明らかに世論に影響を与え、彼らの哲学を支持する法律を前進させることです。 彼らは十分な資金を持っており、彼らが信じる大義に数千ドルを注ぎ込むことができました。
2 最近、保守的なシンクタンクが生命倫理の分野でより活発になっています。 彼らが追求している問題には、安楽死、医師による自殺幇助、中絶、幹細胞研究、遺伝学などがあります。 生命倫理は私たちが将来どのような社会になるかを実際に定義するかもしれないので、これらは敵対者も探求したい問題です。



32 More Bipartisan Politics Needed
1 Politics in the U.S. today is deeply divided between liberals and conservatives. In Congress, lawmakers often don't come together and reach a consensus to solve the nation's problems. This could explain why the approval rating for Congress is so low, only 38% in recent nationwide polling.
2 For example, consider health care. Since the passage of "ObamaCare" in 2010, Republicans have continuously promised to repeal and replace it. With Republican control of Congress, Senate leaders recently crafted a bill using a "behind-closed-doors" procedure. However, Republican Senator John McCain objected and urged his colleagues to work in a bipartisan way. "What have we to lose," he said, "by trying to work together to find solutions?" McCain voted against his own party's bill. And now, some lawmakers are considering bipartisan ideas to fix problems in the existing health care insurance system. 

32 より多くの超党派政治が必要
1 今日の米国の政治は、リベラル派と保守派の間で大きく分かれています。 議会では、国会議員が集まって国の問題を解決するための合意に達しないことがよくあります。 これは、議会の承認率が非常に低く、最近の全国世論調査ではわずか38％である理由を説明している可能性があります。
2 たとえば、ヘルスケアについて考えてみましょう。 2010年の「ObamaCare」の成立以来、共和党はそれを廃止し、置き換えることを継続的に約束してきました。 共和党が議会を支配しているため、上院の指導者たちは最近、「密室」の手順を使用して法案を作成しました。 しかし、共和党の上院議員ジョン・マケインは、彼の同僚に超党派的な方法で働くように反対し、促した。 「解決策を見つけるために協力しようとすることによって、私たちは何を失う必要がありますか？」と彼は言いました。 マケインは自分の党の法案に反対票を投じた。 そして今、一部の議員は、既存の医療保険制度の問題を解決するために超党派のアイデアを検討しています。



33 Japan's business model still valuable
1 Japan's corporate culture still has significant advantages in the age of the global economy. 
2 The first positive feature is that companies in Japan tend to respect human resources and organizational harmony. 
3 Each individual, fully utilizing his or her own creativity, should also be devoted to teamwork in gaining knowledge of and integrating new technology and expertise. The value placed on respect for others and harmony will contribute to innovation.
4 The second positive feature of the Japanese model is that companies tend to have long-term strategies. U.S. management leans toward short term profits and high stock prices. 

33 日本のビジネスモデルはまだ価値がある
1 日本の企業文化は、世界経済の時代においても大きなアドバンテージを持っています。
2 第一のプラスの特徴は、日本の企業は人材と組織の調和を尊重する傾向があるということです。
3 各個人は、自分の創造性を十分に活用して、新しいテクノロジーと専門知識の知識を獲得し、統合するためのチームワークにも専念する必要があります。 他者への敬意と調和を大切にすることは、イノベーションに貢献します。
4 日本のモデルの2つ目のプラスの特徴は、企業が長期的な戦略を持っている傾向があることです。 米国の経営陣は、短期的な利益と高い株価に傾いています。



34 The market economy
1 The laissez-faire doctrine of Adam Smith, the father of modern economics, was based on the optimistic notion that supply and demand would spontaneously achieve a balance in markets, thanks to the "invisible hand" of competition.
2 However, the development of manufacturing technology under capitalism exposed various contradictions in this theory.
3 Consequently, German economist Karl Marx attempted to destroy the market economy through the force of the working class, while British economist John Keynes called for government intervention in the form of massive amounts of public investment. 

34 市場経済
1 現代経済学の父であるアダム・スミスの自由放任主義は、競争の「見えざる手」のおかげで、需要と供給が市場のバランスを自発的に達成するという楽観的な考えに基づいていました。
2 しかし、資本主義の下での製造技術の開発は、この理論におけるさまざまな矛盾を露呈させました。
3 その結果、ドイツの経済学者カール・マルクスは労働者階級の力によって市場経済を破壊しようとしたが、英国の経済学者ジョン・ケインズは巨額の公共投資の形で政府の介入を求めた。



35 Stocks and bonds
1 Stocks leaped on Wall Street with news of the trade ambassador's appointment. Predictions that the Federal Reserve Board would again cut discount interest rates also increased the upward movement, though the long-term forecast remains negative.
2 A slight decrease in unemployment this month has not made up for the sharp drop in consumer confidence last month, and perpetually low earnings have discouraged casual investors from buying stocks. Investors are looking more to the bond markets until they are satisfied that the economic recovery is permanent.

35 株と債券
1 貿易大使の任命のニュースで、株式はウォール街で跳ね上がった。 連邦準備制度理事会が再び割引金利を引き下げるという予測も、長期予測は依然としてマイナスであるものの、上昇傾向を強めました。
2 今月の失業率のわずかな減少は、先月の消費者信頼感の急激な低下を補うものではなく、収益が永続的に低いため、カジュアルな投資家は株を買うことを思いとどまらせています。 投資家は、景気回復が恒久的であると納得するまで、債券市場に目を向けています。



36 Japanese public deeply skeptical of corporate leaders
1 TOKYO -- Japan's trust in its corporate chiefs is the lowest among the world's economic powers, a survey from U.S. public relations company Edelman shows, highlighting the need for top executives to spend more time in the public eye.
2 Japan ranked last in Edelman's 2017 Trust Barometer survey in the share of public expressing trust in CEOs, at just 18%. The survey covered 28 nations and regions, polling samples more than 1,000 people ages 18 and over in each.
3 People in developed nations tend to trust their CEOs less than those elsewhere. As economies mature, companies often restructure and cut jobs, a process that is painful for workers and society at large. This seems to have made many people critical of corporate leaders. Meanwhile, in India, a strong emerging nation, around 70% of those surveyed expressed trust in CEOs, perhaps because the country has produced the current leaders of such dominant global companies as Microsoft and Google. 

36 日本の国民は企業のリーダーに深く懐疑的
1 東京-日本の企業首長への信頼は世界の経済大国の中で最も低く、米国の広報会社エデルマンの調査は、トップエグゼクティブがより多くの時間を公の目で過ごす必要性を強調している。
2 日本は、エーデルマンの2017年のトラストバロメーター調査で、CEOへの信頼を表明する一般市民のシェアでわずか18％で最後にランク付けされました。調査は28の国と地域を対象とし、それぞれ18歳以上の1,000人以上のサンプルを調査しました。
3 先進国の人々は、他の国の人々よりもCEOを信頼する傾向があります。経済が成熟するにつれ、企業はしばしばリストラや雇用の削減を行います。これは労働者や社会全体にとって苦痛なプロセスです。これは多くの人々を企業のリーダーに批判的にさせたようです。一方、強力な新興国であるインドでは、調査対象者の約70％がCEOへの信頼を表明しました。これは、おそらく国がマイクロソフトやグーグルなどの支配的なグローバル企業の現在のリーダーを生み出したためです。



37 Coping with a Public Relations Crisis
1 Companies often spend years building brand recognition and public confidence. A faulty product or an environmental accident can be devastating to a company's reputation if the response is not handled correctly. Company officials must do more than just apologize. They need to act quickly to minimize the risk of permanent damage to the company's good name. First, they must assure consumers that they are concerned about the problem and any threat to public security. They also need to show that they are taking concrete measures to resolve the situation and prevent future occurrences. Above all, they must demonstrate that they are putting emphasis on human life and welfare rather than profit or company survival.

37 広報危機への対処
1 企業は多くの場合、ブランド認知度と国民の信頼を築くために何年も費やします。 欠陥のある製品や環境事故は、対応が正しく処理されない場合、企業の評判に壊滅的な打撃を与える可能性があります。 会社の役人はただ謝罪する以上のことをしなければなりません。 彼らは、会社の名声に恒久的な損害を与えるリスクを最小限に抑えるために迅速に行動する必要があります。 第一に、彼らは消費者に彼らが問題と公安への脅威について心配していることを保証しなければなりません。 また、状況を解決し、将来の発生を防ぐために具体的な対策を講じていることを示す必要があります。 とりわけ、彼らは利益や会社の存続よりも人間の生活と福祉に重点を置いていることを示さなければなりません。



38 From Business to Charity: The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
1 Founded in 2000, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is nearing two decades of operation. It is widely respected as one of the largest private foundations in the world. In 2016, the Gates received the Presidential Medal of Freedom, in honor of their charitable work. The award is the highest US non-military honor. It pays recognition to individuals who have made especially outstanding contributions in their fields.
2 The Gates Foundation has had great success in applying business principles to its operation. Another famous businessperson, Warren Buffet, was so impressed by the organization that he donated most of his fortune to the foundation in 2006. At that time, the foundation chiefly focused on children's health. In their 2017 annual letter, the Gates thanked Buffet for helping to save the lives of millions of children.

38 ビジネスからチャリティーへ：ビル＆メリンダゲイツ財団
1 2000年に設立されたビル＆メリンダゲイツ財団は、20年近く運営されています。 世界最大の民間財団の1つとして広く尊敬されています。 2016年、ゲイツ氏は慈善活動に敬意を表して大統領自由勲章を授与されました。 この賞は、米国の最高の非軍事的名誉です。 自分の分野で特に優れた貢献をした個人を表彰します。
2 ゲイツ財団は、その運営にビジネス原則を適用することに大きな成功を収めています。 もう一人の有名な実業家、ウォーレン・バフェットは、組織に非常に感銘を受け、2006年に彼の財産のほとんどを財団に寄付しました。当時、財団は主に子供の健康に焦点を当てていました。 ゲイツ氏は2017年の年次書簡で、何百万人もの子供たちの命を救う手助けをしてくれたビュッフェに感謝しました。



39 AIIB, international banks welcome addition to Asia infrastructure effort: Kuroda
1 YOKOHAMA -- Bank of Japan Gov. Haruhiko Kuroda said Tuesday various international entities, including a newly created Chinese-led investment bank, are a welcome addition to infrastructure building in Asia amid the region's robust demand.
2 Speaking in Yokohama, Kuroda said it is "good" that the Chinese-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, which is often cast as a rival to the Japanese- and U.S.-led regional development bank, has attracted many members from Asia and beyond.
3 "It's simply not possible for the ADB and the World Bank to fill the gap completely (in infrastructure development in Asia)," Kuroda said during a question-and-answer session after his speech.
4 Kuroda, who ran the ADB before his tenure at the BOJ, said healthy competition among various players is "positive" for infrastructure development and economic growth.

39 AIIB、国際銀行はアジアインフラへの取り組みへの追加を歓迎：黒田
1 YOKOHAMA-日本銀行の黒田東彦総裁は火曜日、アジアの旺盛な需要の中で、新たに設立された中国主導の投資銀行を含むさまざまな国際機関がアジアのインフラストラクチャー構築への歓迎すべき追加であると述べた。
2 横浜で、黒田氏は、日米主導の地域開発銀行のライバルとしてしばしば投げかけられる中国主導のアジアインフラ投資銀行が、アジアやそれ以外の地域から多くの会員を引き付けていることは「良い」と述べた。
3 黒田氏はスピーチ後の質疑応答で、「ADBと世界銀行が（アジアのインフラ開発において）ギャップを完全に埋めることは不可能だ」と述べた。
4 日銀在任前にADBを運営していた黒田氏は、さまざまなプレーヤー間の健全な競争はインフラ開発と経済成長にとって「前向き」であると述べた。



40 11 TPP states look to effectuate pact soon
1 HANOI -- Ministers from Japan and 10 other signatories to the Trans-Pacific Partnership free trade deal, excluding the United States, which has pulled out of the pact, agreed Sunday to study options with the aim of putting the comprehensive, high-standard accord into effect promptly.
2 A joint statement released after their meeting in Hanoi the same day said that the ministers also agreed to continue talks toward November when a summit of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum is scheduled to be held.
3 The ministers "reaffirmed the balanced outcome and the strategic and economic significance of the TPP highlighting its principles and high standards as a way to promote regional economic integration, contribute positively to the economic growth prospects of its member countries, and create new opportunities for workers, families, farmers, businesses and consumers, the statement said. 

40 11TPP州はまもなく協定を締結する予定です
1 ハノイ-協定から撤退した米国を除く環太平洋パートナーシップ協定の日本と他の10の署名国の大臣は、包括的で高水準を置くことを目的としてオプションを研究することに日曜日に合意した 迅速に発効する。
2 同日ハノイでの会合後に発表された共同声明は、アジア太平洋経済協力フォーラムのサミットが開催される予定の11月に向けて閣僚も協議を継続することに合意したと述べた。
3 閣僚は、「TPPのバランスの取れた成果と戦略的および経済的重要性を再確認し、地域経済統合を促進し、加盟国の経済成長見通しに積極的に貢献し、労働者に新たな機会を創出する方法として、TPPの原則と高い基準を強調した。 、家族、農民、企業、消費者、声明は述べた。



41 Japan's stricter drunk driving laws are working
1 Recent data shows that Japan's tougher drunk driving regulations have been very effective. After law reforms were first adopted in 2002, the number of fatal accidents related to drunk driving declined by 30%. Additional reforms in 2007 imposed even stricter blood alcohol limits and harsher penalties for offenders. This resulted in a further 25% reduction in alcohol-related crashes. Currently, Japan's drunk driving laws are among the strictest in the world. The legal blood alcohol limit for Japanese drivers is .03, compared to .08 in the U.S. In Japan, both bars and fellow passengers can be penalized if intoxicated drivers operate vehicles. Polls indicate the Japanese public has embraced the stricter laws. Indeed, sales of non-alcoholic beverages have soared in recent years.

41 日本のより厳しい飲酒運転法が施行されている
1 最近のデータは、日本のより厳しい飲酒運転規制が非常に効果的であることを示しています。 2002年に法改正が最初に採択された後、飲酒運転に関連する死亡事故の数は30％減少しました。 2007年の追加の改革により、血中アルコール制限がさらに厳しくなり、犯罪者に対してより厳しい罰則が課せられました。 これにより、アルコール関連の事故がさらに25％減少しました。 現在、日本の飲酒運転法は世界で最も厳しい法律の1つです。 日本のドライバーの法定血中アルコール制限は.03ですが、米国では.08です。日本では、酔っ払ったドライバーが車両を運転すると、バーと同乗者の両方に罰則が科せられます。 世論調査は、日本国民がより厳しい法律を受け入れていることを示しています。 確かに、ノンアルコール飲料の売上高は近年急増しています。



42 Child abuse scandal
1 There have been numerous reports alleging massive child abuse at the McMaster's Preschool in Berkeley, California. Parents have been expressing outrage and have been intensifying their efforts to get the facility closed immediately. Today local police apprehended the entire preschool staff, and sometime next week the prosecutor will indict them on five counts of sex abuse of minor children.
2 It is possible that arguments in the case may begin as early as next month. However, some observers point out that the already widespread media coverage in this case will hinder jury selection and may actually delay the proceedings. 

42 児童虐待スキャンダル
1 カリフォルニア州バークレーにあるマクマスターの幼稚園で、大規模な児童虐待を主張する多くの報告があります。 両親は怒りを表明し、施設をすぐに閉鎖するための努力を強めています。 今日、地元の警察は就学前のスタッフ全員を逮捕し、来週のいつか、検察官は未成年の子供の性的虐待の5つのカウントで彼らを起訴するでしょう。
2 事件の議論は、早ければ来月から始まる可能性があります。 しかし、一部のオブザーバーは、この場合すでに広く報道されていることが陪審員の選考を妨げ、実際に手続きを遅らせる可能性があると指摘しています。



43 More lay judge candidates deterred by length of trials
1 The percentage of lay judge candidates who decline to participate in trials continues to rise, hitting 53.1 percent in 2009 and 64.7 percent last year, the result of such factors as lengthy trials and an increase in non regular employees, according to a Supreme Court report.
2 The lay judge system was introduced in May 2009, and marked its eighth anniversary on Sunday. The report recently released by the top court analyzed reasons behind the increase in the refusal rate of lay judge candidates. 
3 "I can take time off work for a trial only for two weeks, tops," a 25-year-old male company employee in Tokyo said. "If it's longer than that, I could lose my job."
4 The man served as a backup lay judge for a criminal trial on a stimulant drug case at the Tokyo District Court in February. The trial lasted for 11 days.

43 裁判の長さによって抑止されたより多くの裁判員候補者
1 最高裁判所の報告によると、裁判員候補者の裁判への参加を拒否する割合は増加を続けており、2009年には53.1％、昨年は64.7％に達しました。これは、長期にわたる裁判や非正規職員の増加などの要因によるものです。 。
2 裁判員制度は、2009年5月に導入され、日曜日に8周年を迎えました。 最高裁が最近発表した報告書は、裁判員候補者の拒否率が上昇した理由を分析した。
3 東京の25歳の男性会社員は、「私は2週間しか試験のために仕事を休むことができない」と述べた。 「それより長ければ、仕事を失う可能性があります。」
4 男性は、2月に東京地方裁判所で覚醒剤事件の刑事裁判の予備裁判員を務めた。 裁判は11日間続いた。



44 Unpopular ruling in murder case
1 Ted Smith, the man on trial for murdering Melanie Stevens, was set free yesterday by the judge because of insufficient evidence connecting him to the crime. Although Smith had originally confessed, he later denied it, and professed his innocence.
2 He said he had been assaulted and bullied by the police during questioning. He felt he had no other choice but to say what they wanted to hear even if it wasn't true.
3 However, the reaction in the community was one of sheer rage. Many people had been convinced that he was the murderer. "This is one of the most dreadful decisions I have heard of so far," said Jane Larson, a friend of the murder victim. 

44 殺人事件での不人気な判決
1メラニー・スティーブンスを殺害したとして裁判にかけられていたテッド・スミスは、彼を犯罪に結びつける証拠が不十分だったため、昨日裁判官によって釈放された。 スミスはもともと自白していたが、後にそれを否定し、彼の無実を公言した。
2彼は、尋問中に警察に暴行され、いじめられたと述べた。 彼は、たとえそれが真実でなくても、彼らが聞きたいことを言う以外に選択肢はないと感じました。
3しかし、コミュニティでの反応は非常に激怒したものの1つでした。 多くの人が彼が殺人者であると確信していた。 「これは私が今まで聞いた中で最も恐ろしい決定の1つです」と殺人の犠牲者の友人であるジェーン・ラーソンは言いました。



45 Taiwan is closer to being 1st Asian place to allow same-sex marriage
1 Taiwan's top court has cleared the way for the island to become the first place in Asia to grant same-sex couples the right to marry. 
2 The Constitutional Court ruled Wednesday that current laws, which say that marriage is between a man and a woman, violate the Constitution.
3 The panel of judges has given the island's parliament, known as the Legislative Yuan, two years to amend or enact new laws, which could. potentially make Taiwan the first place in Asia to allow same-sex marriage. 
4 The island has a large gay community and its annual gay pride parade is the biggest in Asia but the issue of marriage equality has divided Taiwanese society, with thousands turning out in recent months to protest for and against marriage equality.

45 台湾は、同性結婚を可能にするアジアで最初の場所に近づいています
1 台湾の最高裁判所は、同性カップルに結婚する権利を与えるアジアで最初の場所になるための道を切り開いた。
2 憲法裁判所は水曜日に、結婚は男性と女性の間であると述べている現在の法律は憲法に違反していると裁定した。
3 裁判官の委員会は、立法院として知られる島の議会に、可能性のある新しい法律を改正または制定するための2年間を与えました。 台湾をアジアで同性結婚を許可する最初の場所にする可能性があります。
4 島には大規模な同性愛者のコミュニティがあり、毎年恒例の同性愛者のプライドパレードはアジアで最大ですが、結婚の平等の問題は台湾社会を分断し、ここ数ヶ月で数千人が結婚の平等に賛成と反対を表明しています。



46 Pakistani authorities bust illegal organ trade ring
1 LAHORE, Pakistan -- A Pakistani official says authorities have uncovered an illegal organ trade ring, arresting two doctors and their three associates.
2 Mohammad Hammad, from the federal investigation agency, says the doctors ran an illegal clinic from a house in the eastern city of Lahore. He says the suspects appeared before a court on Monday.
3 He says they were arrested during a Sunday raid on the clinic, where a donor and a recipient waiting for a kidney transplant were also detained. 
4 Hammad says the recipient had paid 5 million rupees ($47,170) while the donor was to receive only 130,000 rupees ($1,226) for giving up a kidney.
5 Pakistan has introduced strict laws to curb organ trade. Media reports have suggested scores of people sell their kidneys each year, usually to pay off debts.

46 パキスタン当局が違法な臓器売買リングを破産
1 パキスタン、ラホール-パキスタン当局は、当局が違法な臓器売買リングを発見し、2人の医師と3人の仲間を逮捕したと述べています。
2 連邦捜査局のモハマド・ハマドは、医師がラホールの東部の都市の家から違法な診療所を運営したと言います。 彼は容疑者が月曜日に法廷に出廷したと言います。
3 彼は、彼らがクリニックでの日曜日の襲撃中に逮捕されたと言います。そこでは、腎臓移植を待っているドナーとレシピエントも拘留されました。
4 ハマドは、腎臓をあきらめたために、レシピエントは500万ルピー（47,170ドル）を支払ったが、ドナーは13万ルピー（1,226ドル）しか受け取らなかったと述べています。
5 パキスタンは、臓器売買を抑制するために厳格な法律を導入しました。 メディアの報道によると、毎年何十人もの人々が、通常は借金を返済するために腎臓を売っています。



47 Philippines' Duterte gets tough on tobacco with ban on smoking in public
1 Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has signed an executive order banning smoking in public across the second-most populous country in Southeast Asia, one of the region's strictest anti-tobacco laws.
2 The ban, which carries a maximum penalty of four months in jail and a fine of 5,000 pesos ($100), covers both indoor and outdoor smoking, presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella said on Thursday.
3 It also covers existing bans on tobacco advertisements, promotions or sponsorship, which are subject to fines of up to 400,000 pesos and maximum jail terms of three years and possible revocation of business permits. 
4 Duterte was himself a heavy smoker but quit when he was diagnosed as suffering from Buerger's disease, which can cause blockages in the blood vessels.

47 フィリピンのドゥテルテは、公共の場での喫煙を禁止し、タバコに苦しむ
1 フィリピンのロドリゴ・ドゥテルテ大統領は、東南アジアで2番目に人口の多い国、この地域で最も厳しいたばこ禁止法の1つで、公共の場での喫煙を禁止する大統領命令に署名しました。
2 大統領のスポークスマン、アーネスト・アベジャ氏は木曜日に、懲役4か月、罰金5,000ペソ（100ドル）の罰金を科すこの禁止措置は、屋内と屋外の両方の喫煙を対象としていると述べた。
3 また、最大40万ペソの罰金、最長3年の懲役、および営業許可の取り消しの対象となる、たばこ広告、販売促進、またはスポンサーシップの既存の禁止も対象としています。
4 ドゥテルテ自身はヘビースモーカーでしたが、血管の閉塞を引き起こす可能性のあるバージャー病に苦しんでいると診断されたときに辞めました。



48 Strange Laws Explained
1 There are quite a few obscure laws around the world that seem ridiculous at first glance. For instance, in England one cannot legally die in the Houses of Parliament. In France, it is forbidden to name a pig Napoleon. And in the U.S. state of Massachusetts, adding tomatoes to clam chowder is strictly prohibited. As odd as these and similar laws appear to be, in most cases there is a logical explanation for the law's existence. For example, the British Houses of Parliament are in an official palace. If someone dies there, that individual is entitled to an expensive state funeral. As for the other laws, Napoleon remains a highly respected figure in France, and New Englanders are deeply proud of their exclusive variety of creamy and tomato-free clam chowder. 

48 奇妙な法則の説明
1 一見ばかげているように見える、世界中のかなりの数のあいまいな法律があります。 たとえば、イギリスでは国会議事堂で合法的に死ぬことはできません。 フランスでは、豚にナポレオンという名前を付けることは禁じられています。 また、米国マサチューセッツ州では、クラムチャウダーにトマトを追加することは固く禁じられています。 これらの法律や同様の法律は奇妙に思われますが、ほとんどの場合、法律の存在について論理的な説明があります。 たとえば、英国議会は公式の宮殿にあります。 誰かがそこで死んだ場合、その個人は高価な国葬を受ける権利があります。 他の法律に関しては、ナポレオンはフランスで非常に尊敬されている人物であり続けており、ニューイングランドの人々はクリーミーでトマトを含まないクラムチャウダーの独占的な品種を非常に誇りに思っています。



49 Powering up
1 Most of the power generated by mankind originates from the sun. It was sunlight that nurtured the early life that became today's oil, gas and coal. It is the solar heating of the Earth's atmosphere and oceans that fuels wave power, wind farms and hydroelectric schemes. But using the sun's energy directly to generate power is rare. Solar cells account for less than 1% of the world's electricity production.
2 Recent technological improvements, however, may boost this figure. The root of the problem is that most commercial solar cells are made from silicon, and silicon is expensive. Cells can be made from other cheaper materials, but these are not as efficient as those made from silicon.

49 電源投入
1 人類が生み出す力のほとんどは、太陽から発生します。 今日の石油、ガス、石炭となった初期の生命を育んだのは日光でした。 波力発電、風力発電所、水力発電計画に燃料を供給するのは、地球の大気と海洋の太陽熱です。 しかし、太陽のエネルギーを直接使用して発電することはまれです。 太陽電池は世界の発電量の1％未満を占めています。
2 ただし、最近の技術的改善により、この数値が向上する可能性があります。 問題の根本は、ほとんどの市販の太陽電池がシリコンでできており、シリコンは高価であるということです。 セルは他の安価な材料で作ることもできますが、これらはシリコンで作られたものほど効率的ではありません。



50 NPA drafts rules for testing driverless cars on public roads
1 The National Police Agency on Thursday unveiled draft rules for testing driverless vehicles on public roads while the vehicles are being monitored remotely.
2 At present no vehicle can proceed along a public road without someone in the driver's seat. Once the rules are officially in place, the agency will start accepting applications to conduct tests this summer, at the earliest.
3 Japan is seeking to promote the development of self-driving car technology in the run-up to the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics  amid an international race to develop autonomous vehicles.
4 "The development of automated driving could help the elderly secure a means of transportation, slash the number of traffic accidents and ease traffic congestion," said an agency official.
5 The move comes after the NPA compiled guidelines last May to is permit self-driving tests on public roads with a driver inside.

50 NPAが公道で自動運転車をテストするための規則を起草
1 警察庁は木曜日に、車両が遠隔監視されている間に公道で自動運転車をテストするための規則案を発表しました。
2 現在、運転席に誰かがいないと、公道を走行することはできません。 規則が正式に施行されると、代理店は早ければ今年の夏にテストを実施するための申請を受け付け始めます。
3 日本は、2020年の東京オリンピック・パラリンピックに向けて、自動運転車の国際競争の中で自動運転車技術の開発を推進しようとしています。
4 「自動運転の開発は、高齢者が交通手段を確保し、交通事故の数を減らし、交通渋滞を緩和するのに役立つ可能性がある」と当局者は述べた。
5 この動きは、昨年5月にNPAが作成したガイドラインの後に、ドライバーを乗せた公道での自動運転テストを許可することを目的としています。



51 The perverse rise of autonomous killer robots
1 NEW YORK -- The development of "killer robots" is a new and original way of using human intelligence for perverse means. Humans directing machines to kill and destroy in a scale not yet imagined is a concept that not even George Orwell could have imagined. In the meantime, the leading world powers continue their merry-go-round of destruction and death -- mostly of innocent civilians -- without stopping to consider the consequences of their actions.
2 Killer robots are fully autonomous weapons that can identify, select and engage targets without human control. Although fully developed weapons of this kind do not yet exist, the world leaders such as the United States, the United Kingdom, Israel, Russia, China and South Korea are already working on creating their precursors. 

51 自律型キラーロボットの倒錯した台頭
1 ニューヨーク-「キラーロボット」の開発は、人間の知性をひねくれた手段に使用する新しい独自の方法です。 まだ想像されていない規模で機械を殺して破壊するように指示する人間は、ジョージ・オーウェルでさえ想像できなかった概念です。 その間、世界の主要国は、彼らの行動の結果を検討することをやめることなく、破壊と死のメリーゴーランドを続けています-ほとんどは無実の民間人です-。
2 キラーロボットは完全自律型兵器であり、人間の制御なしにターゲットを識別、選択、および交戦させることができます。 この種の完全に開発された兵器はまだ存在していませんが、米国、英国、イスラエル、ロシア、中国、韓国などの世界の指導者はすでにそれらの前駆体の作成に取り組んでいます。



52 In a world first, Japanese team creates eggs and sperm of endangered species from iPS cells
1 A Japanese research team has created eggs and sperm of Ryukyu spiny rats by using induced pluripotent stem cells -- the first time reproductive cells of an endangered species have been produced from iPS cells.
2 The research by scientists from the University of Miyazaki, Hokkaido University, Kyoto University, Shiga University of Medical Science and the research institute Riken were published on Friday in the U.S. journal Science Advances.
3 The method will be effective in combatting extinctions, said Arata Honda, a researcher at the University of Miyazaki who took part in the study.
4 Ryukyu spiny rats, Tokudaia osimensis, are registered as a natural treasure. They are only found on the island of Amami Oshima in Kagoshima Prefecture. The species is threatened by habitat destruction, predation by cats, dogs and mongooses, and competition with introduced black rats.

52 世界初、日本のチームはiPS細胞から絶滅危惧種の卵子と精子を作成します
1 日本の研究チームは、人工多能性幹細胞を使用して琉球のとげのあるラットの卵子と精子を作成しました。これは、絶滅危惧種の生殖細胞がiPS細胞から初めて生成されたものです。
2 宮崎大学、北海道大学、京都大学、滋賀医科大学、理研研究所の科学者による研究が金曜日に米国のジャーナルScienceAdvancesに掲載されました。
3 研究に参加した宮崎大学の研究者である本田荒田氏は、この方法は絶滅との闘いに効果的であると述べた。
4 アマミトゲネズミ、トゲネズミは自然の宝物として登録されています。 鹿児島県奄美大島でしか見られません。 この種は、生息地の破壊、猫、犬、マングースによる捕食、導入されたクマネズミとの競争によって脅かされています。



53 Orbiting space junk a danger to future missions, satellites, scientists warn
1 PARIS -- Scientists sounded the alarm Tuesday over the problems posed to space missions from orbital junk -- the accumulating debris from mankind's six-decade exploration of the cosmos.
2 In less than a quarter of a century, the number of orbiting fragments large enough to destroy a spacecraft has more than doubled, a conference in Germany heard.
3 And the estimated tally of tiny hard-to-track objects -- which can harm or degrade spacecraft in the event of a collision -- is now around 150 million.
4 "We are very much concerned," said Rolf Densing, director of operations at the European Space Agency (ESA), pleading for a worldwide effort to tackle the mess. "This problem can only be solved globally." 

53 軌道を回るスペースデブリは、将来のミッション、衛星、科学者に危険を及ぼすと警告します
1 パリ-科学者たちは火曜日、軌道ジャンクからの宇宙ミッションに課せられた問題について警鐘を鳴らしました-人類の宇宙の60年の探査からの蓄積された破片。
2 四半世紀も経たないうちに、宇宙船を破壊するのに十分な大きさの軌道を回る破片の数が2倍以上になったとドイツでの会議が聞いた。
3 そして、衝突の際に宇宙船に害を与えたり劣化させたりする可能性のある、追跡が難しい小さな物体の推定集計は、現在約1億5000万です。
4 「私たちは非常に懸念しています」と、欧州宇宙機関（ESA）の運用責任者であるRolf Densingは、混乱に取り組むための世界的な取り組みを訴えました。 「この問題はグローバルにしか解決できません。」



54 Kagawa team finds incense helps students relax and concentrate
1 TAKAMATSU, KAGAWA PREE -- Incense has been scientifically proven to make people relax and concentrate on tasks, a team of Japanese researchers said, adding that the findings could be used to help keep drivers alert behind the wheel.
2 In a study announced earlier in December at a meeting of the Shikoku-Chugoku regional chapter of the Japan Ergonomics Society, the researchers, headed by professor Keisuke Suzuki of Kagawa University, surveyed the reaction of eight students of the university who smelled the Japanese incense.
3 Their electrocardiography data showed that, when exposed to incense, the sympathetic nervous systems of six of the eight test participants became less active, suggesting they were freed from tension and stress. On the other hand, while they were smelling incense, the parasympathetic nervous systems of seven of the eight participants were activated, suggesting they were more relaxed. 
4 Another experiment showed that the eight students were 15 percent more productive on average in solving simple mathematical tasks when hey were smelling incense, compared to the time when they were not. Their brain waves while at the math tasks also showed they were more Focused when exposed to incense smells compared to the time when they were not. 

54 香川チームはお香が生徒のリラックスと集中に役立つことを発見
1 香川県高松市-香は、人々をリラックスさせ、仕事に集中させることが科学的に証明されていると、日本の研究者チームは述べ、この調査結果はドライバーの注意を引くのに役立つ可能性があると付け加えた。
2 12月初めに日本人間工学会の四国・中国地方支部の会合で発表された研究では、香川大学の鈴木圭佑教授が率いる研究者は、日本の香を嗅いだ大学の8人の学生の反応を調査した。 。
3 彼らの心電図データは、お香にさらされると、8人のテスト参加者のうち6人の交感神経系の活動が低下したことを示しており、緊張やストレスから解放されたことを示唆しています。一方、お香の匂いを嗅いでいる間、8人の参加者のうち7人の副交感神経系が活性化され、よりリラックスしていることが示唆されました。
4 別の実験では、8人の生徒は、お香の匂いがするときと比べて、簡単な数学的課題を解くのに平均15％生産性が高いことが示されました。数学の課題にいる間の彼らの脳波はまた、彼らがそうでなかった時と比較して、香の匂いにさらされたとき、彼らがより集中していることを示しました。



55 Print your own medicine
1 The advent of 3D printing has been a major technological breakthrough. These remarkable devices are dramatically affecting various industries, including the manufacturing, design, and biotechnology industries. Most of these printers work by converting plastic powders into solid objects, both originals and replicas.
2 In the near future, 3D printers will be able to use various other materials. For example, researchers predict that we will eventually be able to "print" our own medicine at home using so-called "chemical inks." The printers will use online prescriptions to create pharmaceutical compounds and "print them out" as medicine. Doses will be more precise and the balance of chemical components can be modified according to individual needs. The result will be safer and more effective treatment.

55 自分の薬を印刷する
1 3D印刷の出現は、大きな技術的進歩でした。 これらの注目に値するデバイスは、製造、設計、バイオテクノロジー業界など、さまざまな業界に劇的な影響を与えています。 これらのプリンタのほとんどは、プラスチック粉末をオリジナルとレプリカの両方の固体オブジェクトに変換することによって機能します。
2 近い将来、3Dプリンターは他のさまざまな素材を使用できるようになります。 たとえば、研究者たちは、私たちが最終的にはいわゆる「化学インク」を使用して自宅で自分の薬を「印刷」できるようになると予測しています。 プリンターはオンライン処方箋を使用して医薬品化合物を作成し、医薬品として「印刷」します。 投与量はより正確になり、化学成分のバランスは個々のニーズに応じて変更できます。 その結果、より安全で効果的な治療が可能になります。



56 The Future of Quantum Computing
1 Imagine downloading a whole movie in the blink of an eye -- or transferring a huge database in an instant. Does that sound impossible? According to IT experts, such speed will be achievable sooner than we think. In fact, Google and NASA have constructed a super-fast "quantum" computer they say is 100,000,000 times quicker than a typical PC. Quantum computers differ from classic computers in how they store and process information. Classic computers represent data as "bits," a series of 1s and 0s. Quantum computers, on the other hand, use tiny particles -- smaller than atoms -- to handle data. These subatomic particles have unusual characteristics that allow quantum computers to work so fast. With tremendous potential, some experts predict that quantum computing will be widely available within the next decade.

56 量子コンピューティングの未来
1 瞬く間に映画全体をダウンロードしたり、巨大なデータベースを瞬時に転送したりすることを想像してみてください。 それは不可能に聞こえますか？ IT専門家によると、このような速度は私たちが考えるよりも早く達成できるとのことです。 実際、GoogleとNASAは、通常のPCよりも1億倍高速であると彼らが言う超高速の「量子」コンピューターを構築しました。 量子コンピューターは、情報の保存方法と処理方法が従来のコンピューターとは異なります。 従来のコンピューターは、データを一連の1と0の「ビット」として表します。 一方、量子コンピューターは、原子よりも小さい小さな粒子を使用してデータを処理します。 これらの亜原子粒子は、量子コンピューターが非常に高速に動作することを可能にする異常な特性を持っています。 大きな可能性を秘めた専門家の中には、量子コンピューティングが今後10年以内に広く利用できるようになると予測している人もいます。



57 Reducing Your Risk of Colon Cancer
1 Cancer is the leading cause of death in Japan. One form of cancer -- colon cancer -- is not talked about much. Yet 51,600 Japanese would die from it in 2016, as estimated by the National Cancer Center. That's an amazingly high number -- it means about 140 people are dying from it each day of the year.
2 But here's the good news. You can reduce your risk of developing this cancer. Several lifestyle-related factors have been strongly linked to colon cancer. These include: being overweight, physical inactivity, poor diet, smoking and heavy alcohol use.
3 So why not act now? Lose weight. Exercise more. Eat plenty of vegetables, fruit and whole grains. Stop smoking. Limit those alcoholic drinks. Such changes can help you prevent this cancer in the future.

57 結腸がんのリスクを減らす
1 がんは、日本における主要な死因です。 癌の1つの形態である結腸癌はあまり話題になりません。 それでも、国立がんセンターの推定によると、2016年には51,600人の日本人が死亡するでしょう。 これは驚くほど多い数です。つまり、1年のうち毎日約140人が亡くなっています。
2 しかし、ここに良い知らせがあります。 この癌を発症するリスクを減らすことができます。 いくつかのライフスタイル関連の要因は、結腸がんと強く関連しています。 これらには、太りすぎ、運動不足、貧しい食生活、喫煙、大量のアルコール摂取が含まれます。
3 では、今すぐ行動してみませんか？ 体重が減る。 もっと運動します。 野菜、果物、全粒穀物をたくさん食べましょう。 禁煙します。 それらのアルコール飲料を制限します。 このような変更は、将来この癌を予防するのに役立ちます。



58 Music therapy is an incredibly powerful tool
1 In 2011, U.S. Congresswoman Gabby Giffords received a gunshot wound to her left brain and lost her ability to speak. She trained herself to speak by first singing the words to a melody. Because of music therapy, she could ultimately give a speech to Congress in 2013. Evidently, the right brain, from which singing ability originates, could take over for her damaged left brain.
2 Music therapy is incredibly powerful -- for kids with autism, adults with dementia and other individuals with serious medical conditions. Music therapy can calm autistic kids down and improve their interpersonal skills. Dementia patients become more interactive when music triggers happy memories. Patients feeling anxiety before surgery relax when they hear music, and need less pain medication. For a patient who suffers a stroke, music therapy can help restore lost speech by re training the brain, as in Gabby Giffords' situation. 

58 音楽療法は信じられないほど強力なツールです
1 2011年、米国下院議員のGabby Giffordsは左脳に銃創を受け、話す能力を失いました。 彼女は最初にメロディーに合わせて言葉を歌うことによって話すように自分自身を訓練しました。 音楽療法のおかげで、彼女は最終的に2013年に議会にスピーチをすることができました。明らかに、歌唱力の起源である右脳が、損傷した左脳を引き継ぐことができました。
2 音楽療法は信じられないほど強力です-自閉症の子供、認知症の大人、その他の深刻な病状のある人にとって。 音楽療法は、自閉症の子供たちを落ち着かせ、対人関係のスキルを向上させることができます。 音楽が幸せな思い出を引き起こすとき、認知症患者はよりインタラクティブになります。 手術前に不安を感じている患者は、音楽を聞くとリラックスし、鎮痛剤の必要性が少なくなります。 脳卒中を患っている患者の場合、音楽療法は、ギャビー・ギフォーズの状況のように、脳を再訓練することによって失われた発話を回復するのに役立ちます。



59 Progress in AIDS treatment
1 Over the past decades, advances in AIDS treatment have brought new hope for patients. In prior years, AIDS was viewed as a terminal illness. Today, it is seen as a manageable chronic disease, similar to diabetes or heart disease. This is due to the widespread availability of better drugs to fight the illness. Whereas patients previously had to take several different drugs, once-a-day single pills have recently been approved. Also, the drugs these days have fewer side effects. Patients are better able to absorb them and are less likely to experience adverse reactions such as stomach aches and nausea. With current treatment, the HIV virus may virtually disappear from some infected patients' blood. Health experts warn, though, that this is not a cure, and they urge individuals to continue to take precautions against infection.

59 エイズ治療の進歩
1 過去数十年にわたって、エイズ治療の進歩は患者に新たな希望をもたらしました。 以前は、エイズは末期症状と見なされていました。 今日では、糖尿病や心臓病と同様に、管理可能な慢性疾患と見なされています。 これは、病気と戦うためのより良い薬が広く利用できるためです。 以前は患者がいくつかの異なる薬を服用しなければならなかったのに対し、最近では1日1回の単一錠剤が承認されています。 また、最近の薬は副作用が少なくなっています。 患者はそれらをよりよく吸収することができ、腹痛や吐き気などの副作用を経験する可能性が低くなります。 現在の治療では、HIVウイルスは感染した患者の血液から事実上消える可能性があります。 しかし、健康の専門家はこれが治療法ではないことを警告し、彼らは個人に感染に対する予防策を取り続けるように促します。



60 WHO to tackle depression as pressing public health issue
1 MANILA -- With more than 300 million people across the world living with depression and the incidence rising, the World Health Organization has vowed to tackle the often devastating but treatable condition as a pressing public health issue.
2 Depression is "the world's largest contributor to disability," more than any other illness or injury, said Shin Young-soo, director of the Manila based WHO Regional Office for the Western Pacific.
3 "In this region, the Western Pacific, an estimated 66 million people suffer from depression," Shin said, referring to an area encompassing China, Japan, South Korea, Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Australia and 20 mostly Pacific island nations. 4 "Depression causes mental anguish that takes a toll on relationships, productivity and quality of life in general. Untreated depression can lead to suicide, which is the second leading cause of death among those aged 15 to 29," he said.

60 WHOが緊急の公衆衛生問題としてうつ病に取り組む
1 マニラ-世界中で3億人以上の人々がうつ病で生活し、発生率が上昇しているため、世界保健機関は、しばしば壊滅的であるが治療可能な状態に差し迫った公衆衛生問題として取り組むことを誓いました。
2 うつ病は、他のどの病気や怪我よりも「世界最大の障害の原因」であると、マニラに本拠を置く西太平洋地域事務所のシン・ヨンス所長は語った。
3 「この地域、西太平洋では、推定6,600万人がうつ病に苦しんでいる」とシン氏は述べ、中国、日本、韓国、ベトナム、フィリピン、マレーシア、オーストラリア、そして主に太平洋の島嶼国20か国を含む地域について言及した。 4「うつ病は、人間関係、生産性、生活の質全般に悪影響を与える精神的苦痛を引き起こします。未治療のうつ病は自殺につながる可能性があり、15〜29歳の死因の2番目に多い」と彼は述べた。



61 Food habits linked to early deaths
1 An estimated 45.4 percent of all deaths caused by heart disease, stroke and type 2 diabetes are associated with eating either too much or too little of just 10 food categories, according to research published in the Journal of the American Medical Association. The researchers based their estimates on a total of 318,656 deaths related to cardiometabolic causes -- heart disease, stroke and diabetes -- which occurred during 2012. 
2 A larger proportion of men than women died due to diet-related causes. This is consistent with generally unhealthier eating habits in men, say the researchers. Poor diet was also associated with a greater percentage of mortality among younger people vs. older people. 
3 The biggest culprit? Too much salty food caused 9.5 percent of the otal diet-related deaths. Red meat caused less than 1 percent.

61 早期死亡に関連する食習慣
1 Journal of the American Medical Associationに発表された研究によると、心臓病、脳卒中、2型糖尿病によって引き起こされる全死亡の推定45.4％は、10種類の食品カテゴリーのうちの食べ過ぎまたは食べ過ぎに関連しています。 研究者らは、2012年に発生した心血管代謝の原因（心臓病、脳卒中、糖尿病）に関連する合計318,656人の死亡に基づいて推定しました。
2 食事に関連する原因により、女性よりも男性の割合が多く死亡しました。 これは、男性の一般的に不健康な食習慣と一致している、と研究者らは述べています。 貧しい食生活はまた、若い人たちと年配の人たちの死亡率が高いことと関連していた。
3 最大の犯人は？ 塩辛い食べ物が多すぎると、食事に関連した死亡の9.5％が発生しました。 赤身の肉は1パーセント未満しか引き起こしませんでした。


62 Medical error third leading cause of death in US: study
1 Medical error is the third largest cause of death in the United States, according to an analysis published Wednesday in the medical journal BMJ.
2 In 2013, at least 250,000 people died not from the illnesses or injuries that prompted them to seek hospital care but from preventable mistakes, according to the study.
3 That number exceeds deaths from strokes and Alzheimer's combined, and is topped only by heart disease and cancer, which each claim about 600,000 lives per year. 
4 The death toll from medical mishaps would be even higher if nursing homes and out-patient care were included, the researchers found.
5 "People don't just die from bacteria and heart plaque, they die from communication breakdowns, fragmented healthcare, diagnostic mistakes, and over-dosing," said Martin Makary, a professor at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore and lead author of the study.
6 "Collectively, these represent the third leading cause of death in the United States," he told AFP, adding that it is one of the most underreported endemics in global health.

62 米国における医療過誤の3番目に多い死因：研究
1 医療ジャーナルBMJで水曜日に発表された分析によると、医療過誤は米国で3番目に大きな死因です。
2 調査によると、2013年には、少なくとも25万人が、病院での治療を求めるようになった病気や怪我ではなく、予防可能な過ちで亡くなりました。
3 その数は、脳卒中とアルツハイマー病の合計による死亡を上回り、心臓病と癌だけがトップであり、それぞれが年間約60万人の命を奪っています。
4 ナーシングホームと外来患者のケアが含まれている場合、医療事故による死亡者数はさらに高くなると研究者らは発見した。
5 「人々はバクテリアや心臓プラークで死ぬだけでなく、コミュニケーションの崩壊、医療の断片化、診断ミス、過剰摂取で死ぬ」と、ボルチモアのジョンズホプキンス大学医学部教授で筆頭著者のマーティンマカリは述べた。研究の。
6 「総じて、これらは米国で3番目に多い死因を表している」と彼はAFPに語り、世界の健康において最も過小報告されている固有種の1つであると付け加えた。



63 The Elderly at High Risk of Dying from Pneumonia
1 With the aging of the Japanese population, deaths caused by pneumonia have been on the rise. In fact, pneumonia is now the third leading cause of death in Japan, right behind cancer and heart disease.
2 Pneumonia is a deadlier disease than many people realize, affecting the most vulnerable. The elderly, especially those with weakened immune systems due to poor nutrition and/or pre-existing illnesses, are particularly at risk.
3 In pneumonia, the lungs get infected and fill up with fluid, making breathing difficult. Pneumonia, most commonly caused by bacteria or viruses, often spreads when people sneeze or cough.
4 If a frail elderly person contracts pneumonia, he or she will most likely die from it. However, a pneumonia vaccine is available for adults over 65 years old and should be received annually. Unfortunately, in Japan the vaccination rate for pneumonia among seniors has been relatively low.

63 肺炎で死亡するリスクが高い高齢者
1 日本人の高齢化に伴い、肺炎による死亡者が増加しています。 実際、肺炎は現在、日本で3番目に多い死因であり、癌や心臓病に次ぐものです。
2 肺炎は、多くの人が認識しているよりも致命的な病気であり、最も脆弱な人々に影響を及ぼします。 高齢者、特に栄養不良や既存の病気のために免疫力が低下している人は、特に危険にさらされています。
3 肺炎では、肺が感染して水分で満たされ、呼吸が困難になります。 肺炎は、最も一般的には細菌やウイルスによって引き起こされ、くしゃみや咳をすると広がることがよくあります。
4 虚弱な高齢者が肺炎にかかると、肺炎で死亡する可能性が高くなります。 ただし、肺炎球菌ワクチンは65歳以上の成人が利用できるため、毎年接種する必要があります。 残念ながら、日本では高齢者の肺炎の予防接種率は比較的低くなっています。



64 Banking Baby's Cord Blood
1 Umbilical cord blood, a rich source of stem cells, has been used in treating nearly 80 different diseases including cancers, genetic diseases and blood disorders. Recently, cord blood transfusions have even been used as therapy for certain brain injuries.
2 Should parents store their baby's cord blood for possible future medical use? It can be expensive. Private cord banks initially charge from $1,000 to $3,000, with yearly storage fees of $100 to $175. Moreover, experts say that the chance that children will benefit from their own stored cord blood is extremely low. There is no guarantee that the blood will be usable in the future.
3 Most medical associations recommend the use of public cord banks instead. Parents can donate for free, and the blood is matched to someone who desperately needs it now.

64 バンキングベイビーの臍帯血
1 幹細胞の豊富な供給源である臍帯血は、癌、遺伝病、血液疾患など、80近くのさまざまな病気の治療に使用されてきました。 最近、臍帯血輸血は、特定の脳損傷の治療法としても使用されています。
2 両親は、将来の医療用途に備えて、赤ちゃんの臍帯血を保管する必要がありますか？ 高くつく可能性があります。 プライベートコードバンクは、最初は1,000ドルから3,000ドルの料金を請求し、年間の保管料は100ドルから175ドルです。 さらに、専門家は、子供たちが自分の保存した臍帯血から利益を得る可能性は非常に低いと言います。 血液が将来使用できるという保証はありません。
3 ほとんどの医師会は、代わりに公的コードバンクの使用を推奨しています。 両親は無料で寄付することができます、そして血は今それを切実に必要としている誰かにマッチします。


